Add support On Demand Resources (#753)
yonaskolb/XcodeGen: Docs/ProjectSpec.md

	- `private`
	- `project`
- [ ] **attributes**: **[String]** - Additional settings attributes that will be applied to any build files.

> - [ ] **resourceTags**: **[String]** - Additional On Demand Resource Tags that will be applied to any build files. this also add to project attribute's  knownAssetTags

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] **resourceTags**: **[String]** - On Demand Resource Tags that will be applied to any resources. This also adds to the project attribute's knownAssetTags
```
